---
title: A Multiuser Perspective
date: 2011-12-01
tags: example
---

 I recently finished working on another learning project. Instead of focusing on a single user perspective such as motion capture, the Robin Class developed by Dan Zen (robinflash.wordpress.com) focuses on a multiuser approach to interacting with a game or application. I found Robin quite challenging to get the hang of. However, Dan Zen’s instructions are very straightforward and if you have a background in developing back-end applications, Robin will not be an obstacle for you. The things you can develop with Robin could truly be remarkable. I created a game where users login to the application as drops of water. The goal of the game is to “make it rain”. Simply put, the goal is to move your cursor, which is tied to the water drop as fast as you can. This, in turn, can cause a counter to count up incrementally. What this could be used for is an application that can count how much the user ‘made it rain” and from that number the organization can donate water to developing countries. Ain’t that a neat idea? I think that users would definitely be interested in this idea, because it involves creating something physical out of the virtual. A multiuser experience is really only seen in videogames and social networking sites at the moment. I believe that if we brought multiuser perspectives to a social cause, as is my idea, society could be able to become immersed in the experience. I highly suggest you take a look at Dan Zen’s Robin Class. If you put enough idea creativity into it, you are guaranteed to come up with something truly remarkable.
